the revision of chapter 686 of naruto is
you have not yet read the technical description
is a great partner in the other project
and we start a series of guests
meet my great partner, search
tables the link is in the description you
go there you will find t-shirts
How are you here and when are you going to buy?
on the discount coupon part or place
the word and if you will get 10% off
across the store another partner 's friend
I would like you to meet the tent
with the team provided these posters
wonderfully logically you will have a
the posters embolden presidency space
also blank space that I am
holding on to one thing but that's
novelty then check out all my
the link is in the description and
Let's start talking about this chapter that
as I imagined
the agreement is keeping the sites abreast
what's going on coming back to
It's just happening, it's not there.
only then is here minatto question for
He that power is this that you were
Talking how it works I'm now telling myself
Look, I'll do yours, but I need to
chakra to do this and I do not have
a lot because I already donated initially
I was thinking that power could be
that
but in the middle of the man of the then everything takes
To believe that now will make a car go
to do the exchange I do not know what kind of
transport that will do but it will
try to transport the sites to the
the same dimension where the
personnel fighting against it while the
dick is eating loose here in africa fell
for the dog does not have that face of the type
Wow, I can not do anything until
night for one is doing something and
I 'm here without doing anything
Pull this life, this will give cloth to mango.
confessed that he does not like the saga that
dog roasting out there are giving
your best and I can not do it here
nothing but what he can do
Against God, I do not know if it was just
My impression but when black sex
saw that I knew that he came back a little
He blinked hard and something in the
chapter when 0 noticed that the number
true he was the only one who had two
years ago I disappoint myself in powder in the
last realize this, I stayed
disappointed but locked the boy
I was one step ahead I was so
happy with him
the river and the font he got was the
point then it can be and it sees a
difference it could make the
when he was left with the ranges to
distract the death and the person score
wrong, I found it very strong then the
The box says that the kid is extremely
clever put this is true not true
is acting as the mother of the saints who
I thought it was funny, thank you.
another sacra and so I can not see the time
that the time will come when the
partner who will realize that he is
being the language he no longer needs
act this way that he does not need
more of this look crust I am
untouchable I do not need anyone that he
will realize that it can open with
his friends who he can be
even with friends he can demonstrate
what he feels for his friends and
I do not know, maybe I do not know when
It will happen but I think he got it
so much that it has closed and a
moment he can not stop anymore
to be a son of a bitch so I want him
stop being, I can not wait to see you
to happen
although many people did not like the
acts that everything but despite having already said
which I think is a son of a bitch and I will not
take what I said and keep finding
That he's acting with the son of a bitch.
I do not see the time when it goes
realize this and stop acting
way and return to his sassú that he
was becoming one knows he was
Little does not know that they do not say how
I wish he was even though he
it was not the way I wanted it
change in which he realized that even
that all he lost
he still has to pay attention to what
he still has one year in the people who
value and in the people who are
his side
the people who sacrificed for him and
he realized that he was not the
memories of her you see that he
But it was a little bit longer until
so the chapter was there more or less
but then the stuff started to get tense
zero went to carlos to everything that chaoa
started to use gravity play all
world on the ground nobody could move
and it's over now that she takes the bones
there towards others I think they
they deviate only the site that says something
which confirmed a doubt that came to me
previous pages
he said look in the left eye still
is not working
if we repair it well when they
Come back never went to saci in the middle of
water on one side the death on the other side
usually when the man
it was him who is in the middle but this time
well the bag and I did not make it strange that
they will come back many I found the back
of them very simple ours imaginava
it was something grander more
too simple and it made me kind of put
just this but beauty and then I just know that me
say this in the left eye not yet
is running today from the Black River and a
cap and damn
this is it while he was in the other
sasc dimension and finally learned the
using kamui is phase makes a lot of sense
because his eye is the same as in the
car then it would make sense it
got to use the car and get out of that
dimension to return to the dimension where
They are now and know when to go.
get the eye again I do not know how
was the first time he used maybe
It takes a while to get it
use eye and face the final part of the
and threw more bones to kill the
the total obtained by running to
save the boy ran out to
save sas that they can not
run suddenly appears harris come
kidney rhymes do not arrive talking was bad
they come to the kidney pulling it out in the
direction of the killings to protect
they stand there at that time in the
river was full of serious tears or
imagine the death of the dog is sad
who does not like kaká finds a good
I do not have a character, I have two kids
his is a normal team here and kaka
by the time he stopped he was alive or
in the direction of death, but in an old
death again saves the life of the cache I
I do not think I have a better surrender
for the character than this one of good
This was a great wave of the
death since it was the boot sorry
death since my shit did not deserve
to have died that way
the character that will be dead I go
say that a lot of people to understand that there
He came back to escape his fate.
died saving the person from the family
I found the opposite of death
But in this death of the beast I was fuck and
when he arrived at the end of this captain
It was not simply speechless
knew what to think what to do like
she reacted with the tear dripping
can you imagine
of the rin appear made the dog shiver
so stagnant without words without
know what to think
face for me, that was definitely a
of the best chapter of recent times
a long time ago a chapter did not
I like this way but there is doubt
in the air now that they are reunited
usually how are they going to leave
gravitational pressure that the load
played on them and the locals will get
arrive in time to help them
What do you think will happen from here?
the front comments your opinion and we
find next week with another one
Review of Naruto Chapter 687 in Seven
chapters and just to start talking I saw
the news of the film I saw the news of the
New, I thought I'd say it here.
but I want to take a closer look at the
background before speaking speak
Like it but I liked the news, only this.
What I have to say stay connected.
that soon maybe Sunday will be said that
I do some a video talking about the
I found my expectations
finally go there and comment on the
your opinions
bye